the guys here agents is cool and talks
as with this new video on the channel
of the cian obviously I bring you this
very fast core we say yes
quite fast it is done in 91 seconds
dream how can I see with trap
the only two features that it
make it pretty cute are that first
is not the is not a complete group like
you can see there will be an ally
moron who entered so randomly
in fact we were in five group will render
so in the manner of c there is perhaps a
a little apple will slow down anyway I have it
killed so he deserved it must not
to come in
that bad person anyway
you can also see for yourself then it's done
quite fast 91 seconds can be said
yes it is nothing practically me
they wanted to excuse this inactivity
that there was during all
this time I was not present
I think you know, I think you know
reasons if you don't know what I say or
school is always more or less like this
practically
it is not that I was going badly and that it is so
in short you know from the school and the
school anyway I think it's stage
the client finished if you don't look at him
and I am very happy to return to
bring this let's say hint of
gameplay that can be enough
cute I hope you like it indeed it is
nothing to be everything see you a
next video of jtf we become
critical mass spain when it arrived
past